{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red15\green112\blue1;\red255\green255\blue254;\red25\green25\blue25;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c50196\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99608;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 -- Write SQL queries to do the following:\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- 1. Select all the rows from the "Customers" table. \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --SELECT * FROM Customers;\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- 2. Get distinct countries from the Customers table.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- SELECT * FROM Customers\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- WHERE Country = 'Germany'; --or other country choice\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- 3. Get all the rows from the table Customers where the Customer\'92s ID starts with \'93BL\'94.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- SELECT * From Customers\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- WHERE CustomerID LIKE 'BL%';\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- 4. Get the first 100 records of the orders table. DISCUSS: Why would you do this? What else would you likely need to include in this query?\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3     \cf2 \strokec2 -- SELECT * FROM ORDERS\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3     \cf2 \strokec2 -- SELECT TOP 100 * FROM Orders\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cb3     \cf2 \strokec2 --A REAL life example of needing to do this could be a promotion (the first 100 customers get a $20 coupon). In this case you would want to sort by OrderDate\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- 5. Get all customers that live in the postal codes 1010, 3012, 12209, and 05023.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- SELECT * FROM Customers\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- WHERE PostalCode = '1010' or PostalCode = '3012' or PostalCode = '12209' or PostalCode = '05023';\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- 6. Get all orders where the ShipRegion is not equal to NULL.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --Select * FROM Orders\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --WHERE ShipRegion != 'NULL';\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- 7. Get all customers ordered by the country, then by the city.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --Select * FROM Customers\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --ORDER BY Country, ORDER BY City;\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- 8. Add a new customer to the customers table. You can use whatever values.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --INSERT INTO Customers (CustomerID, CompanyName, ContactName, ContactTitle, [Address], City, Region, PostalCode, Country, Phone, Fax)\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --VALUES('FORRE', 'Forrests Forest', 'Forrest Verellen', 'CEO', '517 S. Oak St.', 'Traverse City', 'MI', '49684', 'USA', '231-360-8083', '000000');\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- 9. Update all ShipRegion to the value \'91EuroZone\'92 in the Orders table, where the ShipCountry is equal to France.  \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --SELECT * FROM Orders\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --UPDATE Orders\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --SET ShipRegion = 'Eurozone'\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --WHERE ShipCountry = 'France';\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- 10. Delete all orders from OrderDetails that have quantity of 1. \cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- DELETE FROM [Order Details]\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- WHERE Quantity = '1';\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- SELECT * FROM [Order Details]\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- 11. Find the CustomerID that placed order 10290 (orders table).\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --SELECT CustomerID FROM Orders\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --WHERE OrderID = '10290';\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- 12. Join the orders table to the customers table.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --SELECT * FROM Customers\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --INNER JOIN orders ON customers.customerID = orders.customerID;\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- 13. Get employees\'92 firstname for all employees who report to no one.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --SELECT * FROM Employees\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --Select FirstName FROM Employees\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 --WHERE ReportsTo is Null;\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- 14. Get employees\'92 firstname for all employees who report to Andrew.\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- SELECT * FROM Employees\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- Select FirstName FROM Employees\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 -- WHERE ReportsTo = 2;\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
}